TODO:
Day 1. Implement 'last viewed' system.
	As git is stateless, my program will have no way of knowing what git snapshots the user will be familiar with. Thus, we need to have a 'bookmark' of where Git should start until it reaches the 
	current head of the branch OR start from the head and read back until it hits last_viewed.
	This will be determined by...
		1. At startup, git summarizer will make a last_viewed text file containing the hash of this last viewed file. Then, once this is determined, when the summarization feature is run
		on the repo, it sets it to the new head of the repo and keeps it there until summarized OR if the specific user commits. It will then reassign last_viewed to the head or to the
		head/newest users commit.
            TODO THAT:
                First check to see if you are in an active git repository. If you are not, exit code 1 and tell user to git init or fix their shit otherwise.
                IF THEY ARE: Navigate to .git/ and make a text file entitled 'last_viewed.txt'
                    THEN write to that text file with the hash of the current head. That's it, that's the init.
            DONE BITCH. BOOM.
 Day 2. Read deltas between last seen hash and head
     Figure out a way to access the deltas between the last seen and the current head. This is going to be changed later to loop between
     the two, but for now I'll just do this to lay the groundwork for later.
     I'm going to design a function that takes in one string representing a hash, in the current case this will be the head hash, and then
     try to print out the delta between that and the last-seen-hash in the git file. Also I'm going to get rid of the formatting bit for 
     now, I might change it back or have it follow JSON to make it easier to read for AI though, maybe, or for better formatting.
         wont actually do that, no reason to it seems like, user shouldn't have to interface with that stuff at all.
     ANYWAY. Todo for the day, we need to implement the get_last_seen() function, which will just return the last string hash as a string